
In this project, you will define a group of problems in classical PDDL (Planning Domain Definition Language) for the air cargo domain discussed in the lectures. You will then set up the problems for search, experiment with various automatically generated heuristics, including planning graph heuristics, to solve the problems, and then provide an analysis of the results. Additionally, you will write a short research review paper on the historical development of planning techniques and their use in artificial intelligence.
Coding and Analysis

Download the template code from:
https://github.com/udacity/AIND-Planning

Open the README.md file and follow the instructions there to complete the project.
Research Review

After completing the coding and analysis portion of the project, read up on important historical developments in the field of AI planning and search. Write a one-page report on three of these developments, highlighting the relationships between the developments and their impact on the field of AI as a whole.

Appropriate sources (such as books or magazine or journal articles) should be cited, and you should use citations in-line for sourced facts, quotations, and inferences.

Save your review as research_review.pdf in the same folder as your code.

[Tip: The book Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach by Norvig and Russell is chock full of references in the Bibliographical and Historical notes at the end of Chapter 10.]
Submission

When you execute udacity submit as directed in the project README, the files

    my_air_cargo_problems.py
    my_planning_graph.py
    heuristic_analysis.pdf (if present)
    research_review.pdf (if present)

are zipped into a zipfile with a name like cargo_planning-674.zip. Please submit this exact file to the reviews system. In other words, you must first submit your solution to the project assistant and then use the resulting file when submitting to Udacity's reviewer network.
Evaluation

    Make sure the unit tests have passed and the analysis and review files are included before submitting.
    You will be evaluated according to the project rubric here.
